`Brass Knuckles - Fighter's Sword + Fighter's Shield` (Fighter's Shield will block some attacks from the front, aka 45 degrees from where the player is facing, only if the sword is out and you're not attacking. Sword deals 8-16 damage and blocks absorb 15% of attack damage, however the shield is very limited in what it can block. (only revenant missiles, bullets, Imp melee attacks, candles, and slingshot rocks))
`Chainsaw - Pegasus Boots` (Not actually switchable to, but activates when holding Altfire with one of the swords for at least 0.5 seconds, autoswitching to the best available sword if one is not equipped (which will add to the total charge time). Damage is 1.5x the power of the currently equipped sword every 2 tics but at the cost of damage taken during the charge being multiplied by 1.5 and the shield not being able to block anything. Enemies caught in the path will have some momentum added to them to "coerce" them more to the center of your charge. Only stoppable by hitting a wall and takes half a second to charge up with no way to change angle while dashing. Link eventually dashes forward at a speed of 24 units and gets knocked back with an impulse of 7 units up and 6 units back) 
`Pistol - Bow` (Effectively a pistol with travel time. Shots cost 1 arrow. Arrows deal 15 damage)
`Shotgun - Lamp` (Link holds the lamp "improperly", e.g. the lit candle in one hand and the empty lamp in another. Firing throws the candle, which costs 8% of the magic meter will inflict burning when hitting an enemy (with propogation limited to up to 3 enemies for risk of overpoweredness in crowds. Fire trying to propagate when it's reached its limit will only cause the attempted victim to take one extra fire ticksworth of damage), otherwise when hitting anything else will burst into 5 flames (which can only propagate 1 time). Firing while out of magic meter will cause Link to bash with the lamp instead. Fire ticks deal 3-12 damage and burning lasts for 8 fire ticks (of which said ticks are every 32 in-game ticks) plus has a 30% chance of propagation for every enemy near them (fire has a 100% chance of propagation when coming into contact with it). bashing deals 15-30 damage)
`Super Shotgun - Magic Hands`? (behavioral exactness with vanilla SSG, however the reload sounds sample from the Prayer in ALttP's OST. Costs 10% of the magic meter. Each pellet deals 5-15 damage)
`Chaingun - Slingshot` (pellets shoot fast, though due to the fact that it's not easy to aim when rapid-firing, accuracy will take a nosedive down to 22.5 degrees maximum horizontal cone and 11.25 degrees maximum vertical cone at 20 shots fired without stopping (which will reset after a half-second of disuse) Shots have a high initial velocity, but are dragged down by gravity (of which is at half-power for the shots). Costs 1 rupee per shot (kills will give either 5 or 10 rupees, or otherwise attained by cell pick-ups). Shots deal 5-15 damage and it takes 6 tics between each shot)
`Rocket Launcher - Bomb` (Link kicks the bomb out in front of him, which will explode on first contact with an enemy, otherwise will explode itself after 1 second. Picking up thrown bombs will slow the fuse down to half-speed. Damage dealt is area-based up to a maximum of 128, the same as rockets. The bomb has 60 HP before it explodes, or can be exploded immediately by the Lamp.)
`Plasma Rifle - Fire Rod` (behavioral exactness to the Plasma Rifle. Shots cost 1% of the magic meter)
`BFG9000 - Mirror Shield + Master Sword` (sword beams are free while the player's current health is not 5 below their current maximum health (aka the custom HUD shows the player as having full hearts, meaning 96 health is okay at 100 max health but not 95), otherwise will cost 20% magic. Sword beam projectile is a "ripper", meaning it's able to go through multiple enemies without stopping, shield takes the same properties as the Fighter's Sword, however is able to reflect more kinds of projectiles if the player has at least 15% magic, making the player the "owner" of the projectile in the process and dealing 60% of the attack to the player. If the player is too poor in magic, however, the shield will still consume the remaining magic anyway and deal 80% damage without any reflection. The shield is able to block most conventional attacks (revenant missiles, bullets, melee attacks (albeit melee won't try to reflect), plasma bolts, caco and imp fireballs, slingshot rocks, candles, rockets, and fire rod projectiles) Sword slash deals 16-32 damage, sword beam deals 10 damage to every enemy in its hitbox each tic and goes at 8 units per tic.)
The Cane of Byrna protects from all sources of damage and spawns a beam that circles around the player which does 5 damage per every tic it's inside an enemy. Drains 1 magic every 3 tics, and damage output is unaffected by the Piece of Power.
The Magic Cape has the same general damage-nullifying properties as the Cane of Byrna (with damage dispersing 1/3rd of the intended damage value into magic meter drain), however trades out the beam for turning the player completely invisible, making enemies unable to sight the player through neither closeness nor sight. Drains 1 magic every 4 tics, with an additional 1 magic point per drain tick if an enemy was aggro'd by the player in the last 10 seconds. All enemies targetting the player will lose their target if the player isn't in sight when they use the Magic Cape.
The Iron Boots protect from all damaging sectors (save for death exits), however the weight of having the boots on will cause the player to be unable to run.
All weapons can be switched out 4x faster.